Exactly once (#8264)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/guides/reuse-topic-for-kafka-sink.md

{{< beta v0.9.0 />}}

> By default, Materialize creates new, distinct topics for sinks after each restart. To enable the reuse of the existing topic instead, Materialize must be able to reconstruct the prior history of the sinked object and all objects on which it is dependent--that is, events must have replayable timestamps--and must ensure that no other processes write to the output topic. This allows for exactly-once stream processing, meaning that each incoming event affects the final results exactly once, and no data is duplicated or goes unprocessed, even if the stream is disrupted or Materialize is restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Materialize creates new, distinct topics for sinks after each restart. To enable the reuse of the existing topic instead and provide _exactly-once_ processing guarantees, Materialize must be able to reconstruct the history of the sinked object and all objects it depends on--based on the replayable timestamps of its source events--and must ensure that no other processes write to the output topic. This results in each event affecting the final results exactly once, even if it's processed multiple times due to stream disruption or a Materialize restart.
```
